OSDOCS-5437: Adding Network Observability architecture diagrams/context (#61319)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-architecture.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/understanding-network-observability.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-architecture_{context}"]
= Network Observablity Operator architecture
image::network-observability-architecture.png[Network Observability eBPF export architecture]

> The Network Observability Operator provides the `FlowCollector` API, which is instantiated at installation and configured to reconcile the `flowlog-pipeline`, the eBPF agent, and the console-plugin components. Only a single `FlowCollector` per cluster is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Observability Operator provides the `FlowCollector` API, which is instantiated at installation and configured to reconcile the `eBPF agent`, the `flowlog-pipeline` and the `netobserv-plugin` components. Only a single `FlowCollector` per cluster is supported.
```

Maybe keep the schema naming + ordering ?

Author: Good point. This will definitely make connecting the diagram and the text more straightforward.

> The eBPF agent runs on each cluster node in privileged mode. The eBPF agent collects network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. The `flowlogs-pipeline` ingests flow logs to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eBPF agent runs on each cluster node in privileged mode to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. The `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flow logs to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic OCP console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the {product-title} web console.
```

Author: Addressed

> If you are using the Kafka option, the eBPF agent sends the network flow data to Kafka, and the `flowlogs-pipeline` reads from the Kafka topic before ingesting into Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Kafka option, the eBPF agent sends the network flow data to Kafka, and the `flowlogs-pipeline` reads from the Kafka topic before sending into Loki.
```

Author: Addressed

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/understanding-network-observability.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-architecture_{context}"]
= Network Observablity Operator architecture
image::network-observability-architecture.png[Network Observability eBPF export architecture]
The Network Observability Operator provides the `FlowCollector` API, which is instantiated at installation and configured to reconcile the `eBPF agent`, the `flowlogs-pipeline`, and the `netobserv-plugin` components. Only a single `FlowCollector` per cluster is supported.

> The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node in privileged mode to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. The `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flow logs to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic {product-title} web console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the web console.

Author: We reference it as `flowlogs-pipeline` : https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/networking/network_observability/installing-operators.html. I don't see any useage of "flow log", except in the JSON format reference description for `_RecordType`.

> The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node in privileged mode to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. The `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flow logs to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic {product-title} web console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the web console.

Reviewer 2: In QE test-cases and everything we try to keep it as `flowlogs` so I think that would be better

> The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node in privileged mode to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. The `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flow logs to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic {product-title} web console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the web console.

Reviewer 3: > The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node in privileged mode to collect network flows.

Rather than "in privileged mode", could we say something like "with some privileges" ? The reason is that "privileged mode" refers to a specific mode and we actually try our best to avoid them running in that mode (by default, they don't) - but, for sure, the agent still have a bunch of privileges in any case

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/understanding-network-observability.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-architecture_{context}"]
= Network Observablity Operator architecture

> image::network-observability-architecture.png[Network Observability eBPF export architecture]

Reviewer 4: Should the graphic come after the first paragraph so that folks know what is in the graphic?

Author: I was wondering about this too. Since you mentioned it, I think I'll move it after the text. The 2nd graphic is after the text anyways.

The Network Observability Operator provides the `FlowCollector` API, which is instantiated at installation and configured to reconcile the `eBPF agent`, the `flowlogs-pipeline`, and the `netobserv-plugin` components. Only a single `FlowCollector` per cluster is supported.

> The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node with some privileges to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches it with Kubernetes identifiers. If you are using Loki, the `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flowlogs data to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic {product-title} web console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the web console.

Reviewer 4: Avoind using _it_ to avoid confusion; also, is flow logs 2 to words? I see two references in our docs and it is two.
```suggestion
The `eBPF agent` runs on each cluster node with some privileges to collect network flows. The `flowlogs-pipeline` receives the network flows data and enriches the data (?) with Kubernetes identifiers. If you are using Loki, the `flowlogs-pipeline` sends flow logs data to Loki for storing and indexing. The `netobserv-plugin`, which is a dynamic {product-title} web console plugin, queries Loki to fetch network flows data. Cluster-admins can view the the data in the web console.
```
